Quick Bar dialog documentation (#15033)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/tools/quick-bar.md

---
title: "Quick Bar"

> description: "Dialog for quickly accessing entities or running common commands"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Dialog for quickly accessing entities or running commands."
```
Removing the word "common" makes it read a little nicer imo, and is more consistent with the intro.

Author: I agree it reads better. I just have this fear that it will become an "omni-bar" that eventually holds every command under the sun. So I wanted to reinforce, early on, the idea that this should be a place for commonly-run commands.

But I'm just overanalyzing :) Your suggestion is good, let's do it.

---

> The "Quick Bar" allows you to quickly look up entities or run commands without needing to navigate away from your current view. (Similar to "quick open" feature in VS Code, Chrome Developer Tools, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Quick Bar" allows you to quickly look up entities or run commands without needing to navigate away from your current view. (Similar to the "quick open" feature in VS Code, Chrome Developer Tools, etc).
```

> It can be launched in the web application using [hotkeys](#hotkeys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be launched in the frontend using [hotkeys](#hotkeys).
```

<p class='img'>
  <img src='/images/docs/quick-bar/quick-bar-demo.gif' alt='Quick Bar'>
  Quick Bar for accessing entities and running commands
</p>

## Hotkeys

> Type these from anywhere in the application to launch the dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type the hotkey from anywhere in the frontend to launch the Quick Bar dialog.
```

Author: Let's also remove the word "dialog" entirely.

| Mode  | Hotkey (Windows) | Hotkey (macOS)
| ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| Entity Filter | Ctrl+P | ⌘+P |
| Command | Ctrl+Shift+P | ⌘+Shift+P |

<div class='note'>

>   The application must have "focus" for the hotkey to register. If the dialog doesn't launch, try clicking in an empty area of the application and typing it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The frontend must have "focus" for the hotkey to register. If the dialog doesn't appear, try clicking in an empty area of the frontend and type the hotkey again.
```

Author: Nitpick: the tenses don't match. I think it should either be:

* "try click**ing** in an empty area of the frontend and typ**ing** the hotkey again.", or
* "try clicking in an empty area of the frontend, then type the hotkey again."

Author: Pushed a modification of your suggestion. Feel free to reopen if you'd like changes.

</div>

## Switching Modes

When the dialog has already been launched, you can switch to other modes without losing your filter text.

<p class='img'>
  <img src='/images/docs/quick-bar/quick-bar-switch-modes.gif' alt='Quick Bar'>
  Switch modes without losing filter text
</p>

| Current Mode | Action | Switches to Mode |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Entity Filter | Use [hotkey](#hotkeys) (or prepend ">" to input field) | Command
| Command | Use [hotkey](#hotkeys) (or remove ">" from input field) | Entity Filter

## Entity Filter Mode 
*Hotkey: Ctrl+P (Windows) or ⌘+P (macOS)*

> Similar to Developer Tools -> States view, but more lightweight, and accessible from anywhere in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to Developer Tools -> States view, but more lightweight, and accessible from anywhere in the frontend.
```
